Update Python quickstart to use Chat Completions (with streaming) (#72)
openai/openai-quickstart-python: README.md

# OpenAI API Quickstart - Python example app

> This is an example chat app intended to get you started with your first OpenAI API [quickstart tutorial](https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart) project. It uses the [Chat Completions API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat) to create a simple general purpose chat interface.

Author: ```suggestion
This is an example chat app intended to get you started with your first OpenAI API project. It uses the [Chat Completions API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat) to create a simple general purpose chat interface with streaming.
```
